README.md, before:

# docker-pihole-controller

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Funixorn%2Fdocker-pihole-controller%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Dmain&style=plastic)](https://actions-badge.atrox.dev/unixorn/docker-pihole-controller/goto?ref=main)

Command line controller for [pi-hole](https://pi-hole.net/).

Basically, I wanted a quick way to temporarily disable my pi holes from the command line so I wouldn't have to hassle with opening a browser tab for every pi hole every time I need to temporarily disable ad blocking on my home network.

## Usage

`pihole-controller --server servername --password PASSWORD --seconds SECONDS_TO_DISABLE_PIHOLE`

The default number of seconds is 300.

You can also specify a settings file with` --configuration-file=/path/to/yaml/file`.

Currently the only settings are `password` and `servers`. Servers is a list of dns names or IP addresses of your pi holes.

See the example `pihole-controller.yaml` in this repository for an example.

Commit message:

Add support for multiple --server arguments too

README.md, after:

# docker-pihole-controller

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/endpoint.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Factions-badge.atrox.dev%2Funixorn%2Fdocker-pihole-controller%2Fbadge%3Fref%3Dmain&style=plastic)](https://actions-badge.atrox.dev/unixorn/docker-pihole-controller/goto?ref=main)

Command line controller for [pi-hole](https://pi-hole.net/).

Basically, I wanted a quick way to temporarily disable my pi holes from the command line so I wouldn't have to hassle with opening a browser tab for every pi hole every time I need to temporarily disable ad blocking on my home network.

## Usage

`pihole-controller --server servername --password PASSWORD --seconds SECONDS_TO_DISABLE_PIHOLE`

The default number of seconds is 300. You may specify multiple `--server` arguments.

You can also specify a settings file with` --configuration-file=/path/to/yaml/file`.

Currently the only settings are `password` and `servers`. Servers is a list of dns names or IP addresses of your pi holes.

See the example `pihole-controller.yaml` in this repository for an example.
